hi this is a new video just of a new
purchase that I got going away on a trip
and I actually came across YouTube and
saw this somebody did a bit of I guess
an alternative to the never full and I
wanted something kind of summery but
worryfree so I actually had come across
the video where I don't remember her
name but I was like really thankful I
can cross it for something as an
alternative to the dummies or never full
that's worry free I was considering
getting and never full but I wasn't too
sure whether or not I would like the
style of the tote so I mean this I will
take with me on my trip and see how I
like it
and if I absolutely love it then I'll
definitely consider getting the number
full but maybe in a different print but
this is perfect for summer
it's the michael kors jet set travel
tote and i think it they call it the
vanilla so it has a Michael Kors logo
there just one buckle I guess like I
think this strap will be fine for me I'm
not very tall it has the just one it's
just one big empty space there which
will be perfect for me to throw the
essentials that I need just to get on
the plane and it's got the class here
has Michael Kors in there just for a
little bit of added security I guess and
the one flap I guess I'll be putting my
passport in there and boarding pass
and I'll hook on my travel luggage keys
to their I guess so I want to see what I
can possibly put in here so I'm leaving
next week this would be a nice little
thing I don't have to worry about I'm a
little paranoid when it comes to
traveling sometimes different places so
so just now put my passport in there and
stick this in here I might put my phone
in here not too sure yet
I have that on to here I suppose I might
cook those two I just I thought this
little cute it's a little I phone
wristlet just four nights out traveling
if I can just carry my iPhone in there
as well as just gets credit cards and a
little bit of cash so that's going to be
nice and handy to take with me yeah so
there's more room for my sunglasses
there's yeah there's a lot more room in
there so I mean I can put like a little
wrap on top it's pretty spacious got a
water bottle in there maybe in a book or
something so I think this won't be fine
and
it'll suit my needs as I said like maybe
I'll do if anybody wants to review on it
just as a a nice little alternative to
then never fall if I do like this though
if I love it then I may have to get the
number full but we'll see if I like the
tote style anyhow and that is my new
purchase for my quick little getaway and
don't have to worry too much about it I
think I might actually take it onto the
beach as well we'll see how it holds up
alright I hope you enjoy this review I
welcome any comments on what you think
if you do have this bag and how how its
held up for you or if you have them
never fall and what you think of that if
you have both maybe compare and contrast
the two that would be really helpful I
would love that
alright well I hope you enjoyed this